java c
FIN2001S
ECONOMICS AND   MARKET   INNOVATIONS
WELCOME   MESSAGEWelcome to this   module on   Economics   and    Market      Innovations    (EMI).   Nowadays,    markets    are      hardly      ever      cooperated      by      following      simple   rules       derived       from       economic       theory.       In       the       traditional       markets,   economic    theory    or    concept    can      at      least    serve      as      benchmarks      and   starting      points   for      more      nuanced      analysis.      By      contrast,      a      rise      of      new   business   models   (e.g.,   platform   business   model)   that   uproot   traditional   markets,    break    down      industry    categories,      and      maximise    the      use      of   scarce   resources.   This   module   will   equip   you   with   knowledge   of   how   to   understand    complex    markets,    and    come    away    with    strong    analytical   and    problem-solving    skills,    as    well    as    business    acumen    necessary    to   succeed   in   the   professional   world.   In   fact,   Economics   can   be   useful   for   professionals   in all   industries,   not just   in   business.I      am      sure   you      will    be      able   to      apply      all   the    knowledge      gained    in      this   module   to   enhance   your   work,   business   as   well   as   personal   life.      I   look   forward   to embarking   on this   exciting   learning   journey   with   you.
This   module will   mainly   be   delivered via face-to-face   and   online   using   Brightspace
Zoom software only for the introduction and concluding   sessions.
PART   1:    INTRODUCTIONThis   Study   Guide   is   designed   to   provide   you   with   details   of   this   module;   the    learning    outcomes;      delivery      and      assessment      arrangements.    The   Study Guide   consists   of   6   parts.
Part   1 gives   background   details   to the   subject   area   are   provided   and the   broad aims   of the   module   are   set   out.
Part   2      consists    of   the    module    outline.    In    this    part    the    (a)    module    learning   outcomes,
(b) the   themes   and   topics   to   be   explored   are   explained   along   with   the   (c)   learning supports   to   be   used.Part 3   gives   details   of the   module   delivery   arrangements.   It   sets   out   the   session    arrangements    and    the    expectations      in      relation    to      your      prior   preparation       and         student         engagement.       The          provisions       for       online   provision   are   outlined      in   terms   of   class      delivery   and   any      module   work   with   classmates.
Part 4   provides   details   of the   assessment techniques   used   in this   module   explaining the assessment components, their   rationale.Part 5 explains the   UCD   grading   policy   and   grade   descriptors   drawing   on   the   university   document   are   given   for   each   assessment   component   for   the   module.
Part 6 presents the   concluding   comments.
a) Accessing   Brightspace Zoom
This      module      will      be      delivered      face-to-face      and      online      via      UCD’s   integrated      Zoom   classroom. This   is accessible via   brightspace.ucd.ie
To students,   please   login to   Brightspace >>   FIN2001S-Economics and   Market Innovations-   2024/2025 Autumn >>   My Class >> ZOOM,   to join the   lessons.
   
Please   always   login   using   your   UCD   email   address   and   your   name.   Your   name   should   be visible to the   lecturer and other   students to   facilitate   collaboration.
Please   join   your   online   session   no   later   than   five   minutes   before   the   advised   time of   your   session.
Engagement tools   on Zoom
   
Throughout the   online   sessions for this   module, you   will   be   frequently   asked   to   engage with   both your   lecturer, and with   you代 写FIN2001S ECONOMICS AND MARKET INNOVATIONSSQL
代做程序编程语言r fellow   students.The   lecturer   may   send   you   into   breakout   groups   and   you   discuss   some   class   content      in   smaller   groups      before   your   findings   are      discussed   with   the   whole   class.   You    may    use      the    “Share    Screen”    function    (if      enabled)      to    show      some   summary   points of the   breakout group   discussions.If   you   select   “Chat”,   a   chat   window   will   open,   and   you   can   communicate   with   the    whole    class    or    with    your    lecturer.      If    you      would      like    to      send      a      private   message    to      your       lecturer,      please      select    your       lecturer’s      name      instead      of everyone.
   By   clicking   on   “Reactions”,   another   menu   will   open.   This   menu   allows   you   to   raise   your   hand   if   you   have   a   question   or   would   like   to   comment.   If   you   see   a   hand   icon   in the   left   upper   corner   of your   screen, your   hand   is   currently   raised.   You   can   lower   your   hand   by   clicking   on   this   icon   a   second   time.   The   lecturer   can also   lower   your   hand.
   When   you   join   a   Zoom   session,   you   will   be   muted,   and   your   camera   is   turned   off.   But   for   better   engagement   in   the   class,   it   is   advised   to   keep   your   camera   turned      on.    Please      only    unmute      yourself    if   you      would    like      to    speak      to      avoid   background      noises.   You   can   change   your   audio   and   video   setting      by   clicking   the small arrow   beside the   “Unmute”   or   “Start Video”   icon.
b)   Background   DetailsThe   EMI   module   provides   more   than   mere   insights   into   the   functioning   of   an   economy.   Completion   of   this      module   will   equip   students   with   a   logical            and            consistent       framework          for          understanding               important   economic    concepts.         In      addition,      the      module      examines    the       role    of   network    effects      in      business,    where      adding      customers      attracts       new   customers.         Rather    than       adding         large         number      of      a         single    type       of   customers,    multisided    markets    focus    on    attracting    different    types    of   customers    (direct      or    indirect    network      effects).      The      ability      to    analyse   contemporary         economic         developments         will       open       up       many       career   options   for the   students.
c)   Module-AimsThe    module    aims      to    provide    a      thorough    understanding    of      the      theory   and    practice    of    economics    at    an    introductory    level    and      provides    the   basis   for      all      subsequent      study      you      may      undertake    in      economics.   The   first   part   covers   the   principles   of   microeconomics,   and   the   second   part   develops      a   framework   for      understanding    multisided      platform      business   model.       Throughout         the          module       and          in         the          seminars,       we          will   demonstrate    the      usefulness      of    economics      as      an      analytical      tool      for   thinking about   real world   problems.The   module   draws   on students’   prior   learning   and work experience,   and   seek to combine    insights from   production   and   costs to   market   strategy,   government      policies   to      market      barriers,      international   trade   to      market   expansion, firm   behaviors and   market   innovation,   and other areas.
The   assessment   tasks   for   this   module   have   been   designed   with   this   in mind as detailed   later   in   the   study   guide.
   



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
